Experimental pagination feature (#833)
sindresorhus/got: readme.md

});
```

##### \_pagination

Type: `object`

**Note:** This feature is marked as experimental as we're [looking for feedback](https://github.com/sindresorhus/got/issues/1052) on the API and how it works. The feature itself is stable, but the API may change based on feedback. So if you decide to try it out, we suggest locking down the `got` dependency semver range or use a lockfile.

###### \_pagination.transform

Type: `Function`\
Default: `response => JSON.parse(response.body)`

A function that transform [`Response`](#response) into an array of items. This is where you should do the parsing.

###### \_pagination.paginate

Type: `Function`\

> Default: [`Link` header logic](source/index.ts)

Reviewer: I think we should explain the Link header logic in English prose, not just link to the source.

\* It's almost API compatible with the browser `fetch` API.\
\*\* Need to switch the protocol manually. Doesn't accept PUSH streams and doesn't reuse HTTP/2 sessions.\
\*\*\* Currently, only `DownloadProgress` event is supported, `UploadProgress` event is not supported.\

> :sparkle: Experimental feature. Don't hestitate to try it out!\

Author: ```suggestion
:sparkle: Almost-stable feature, but the API may change. Don't hestitate to try it out!\
```
